Encountering this postcard reminded me that
there was a kind of collaboration around making
the bathhouse space more inclusive that was
not a one directional movement out from the
bathhouse committee.
And being involved in that photo shoot was
a sexy and fun thing that in some ways changed
my comfort level attending the bathhouse,
subsequently.
Doing the photo shoot involved creating a
kind of affective space, and a space that
was sensual and erotic.
Having that experience then, created possibility
or the imagining of possibility for how I
might enjoy the bathhouse differently than
I had previously experienced it.
And I think was intended to impact people’s
imagination of the bathhouse in ways that
opened up possibility without being didactic
or addressing people at the level of,
“These are the rules of inclusion."
Rather, “Here’s a tableau of what is possible.”
So, I wanted to flag that there were sort
of spaces around the bathhouse which contributed
to shifting the culture of the bathhouse,
and that I appreciate the labour of making them.
It was not simply a question of some words
on a flyer.
That producing visuals changes how people
perceive the space in a more visceral way,
and it takes more work.
And it involves outreach and connection.